explain Alexandroff Square (#1460)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000099/README.md

  - doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9
    name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Let $X$ be the unit square $[0,1] \times [0,1] \subset \mathbb{R}^2$. For a point $(x,y)$ not on the diagonal (for $x \ne y$), neighborhoods are given by the vertical segments $\{x\} \times (y - \varepsilon,y + \varepsilon)$ for $\varepsilon > 0$. For a point $(x,x)$ on the diagonal, open neighborhoods are given by the incomplete horizontal strips $S \times (x - \varepsilon,x + \varepsilon)$ for $\varepsilon > 0$ and $x \notin S$, $[0,1] \setminus S$ finite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $X$ be the unit square $[0,1] \times [0,1] \subset \mathbb{R}^2$. For a point $(x,y)$ not on the diagonal (for $x \ne y$), basic open neighborhoods are given by the vertical segments $\{x\} \times (y - \varepsilon,y + \varepsilon)$ for $\varepsilon > 0$. For a point $(x,x)$ on the diagonal, basic open neighborhoods are given by open horizontal strips minus a finite number of vertical lines, i.e., sets of the form $S \times (x - \varepsilon,x + \varepsilon)$ for $\varepsilon > 0$ and $S$ cofinite subset of $[0,1]$ not containing $x$.
```
Also needed "basic nbhds", i.e., nbhds belonging to a nbhd base at the point, not just any nbhds.
